{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 State Archives of Assyria JSON Viewer for macOS\
\
\
Oracc.org material used under Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike license 3.0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/legalcode"}}{\fldrslt https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/legalcode}}\
\

\fs20 Text Copyrights
\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs20 \cf0 RINAP 1\
Copyright Hayim Tadmor, Shigeo Yamada, Jamie Novotny, and the Royal Inscriptions of the Neo-Assyrian Period (RINAP) Project, 2011. Lemmatized by Jamie Novotny, 2010, for the NEH-funded RINAP Project at the University of Pennsylvania. The annotated edition is released under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike license 3.0.\
\
RINAP 3\
Copyright A. Kirk Grayson, Jamie Novotny, and the Royal Inscriptions of the Neo-Assyrian Period (RINAP) Project, 2012. Lemmatized by Jamie Novotny, 2011. The annotated edition is released under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike license 3.0.\
\
RINAP 4\
Copyright Erle Leichty, Jamie Novotny, and the Royal Inscriptions of the Neo-Assyrian Period (RINAP) Project, 2011, 2017. Lemmatized by Jamie Novotny, 2010, and updated by him, 2017, for the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation-funded OIMEA Project at the Historisches Seminar - Abteilung Alte Geschichte of Ludwig-Maximilians-Universit\'e4t M\'fcnchen. The annotated edition is released under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike license 3.0.\
\
SAA 1\
Copyright Simo Parpola and the Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project, 1987. Lemmatised by Mikko Luukko, 2009-11, as part of the AHRC-funded research project \'93Mechanisms of Communication in an Ancient Empire: The Correspondence between the King of Assyria and his Magnates in the 8th Century BC\'94 (AH/F016581/1; University College London). The annotated edition is released under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike license 3.0.
\b \
\

\b0 SAA 2\
Copyright Simo Parpola and Kazuko Watanabe and the Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project, 1988. Lemmatised by Mikko Luukko, 2016, as part of the research programme of the Alexander von Humboldt Chair in the Ancient History of the Near and Middle East at LMU Munich (Karen Radner, Humboldt Professorship 2015). The annotated edition is released under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike license 3.0.\
\
SAA 5\
Copyright Giovanni B. Lanfranchi and Simo Parpola and the Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project, 1990. Lemmatised by Mikko Luukko, 2009-11, as part of the AHRC-funded research project \'93Mechanisms of Communication in an Ancient Empire: The Correspondence between the King of Assyria and his Magnates in the 8th Century BC\'94 (AH/F016581/1; University College London). The annotated edition is released under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike license 3.0.\
\
SAA 8\
Copyright Hermann Hunger and the Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project, 1992. Lemmatised by Mikko Luukko, 2016-17, as part of the research programme of the Alexander von Humboldt Chair in the Ancient History of the Near and Middle East at LMU Munich (Karen Radner, Humboldt Professorship 2015). The annotated edition is released under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike license 3.0.\
\
SAA 10\
Copyright Simo Parpola and the Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project, 1993. Lemmatised by Mikko Luukko, 2016, as part of the research programme of the Alexander von Humboldt Chair in the Ancient History of the Near and Middle East at LMU Munich (Karen Radner, Humboldt Professorship 2015). The annotated edition is released under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike license 3.0.\
\
SAA 13\
Copyright Steven W Cole, Peter Machinist, and the Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project, 1998. Lemmatised by Mikko Luukko and Silvie Zamazalov\'e1, 2011-13, as part of the AHRC-funded research project \'93Mechanisms of Communication in an Ancient Empire: The Correspondence between the King of Assyria and his Magnates in the 8th Century BC\'94 (AH/F016581/1; University College London). The annotated edition is released under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike license 3.0.\
\
SAA 15\
Copyright Andreas Fuchs and Simo Parpola and the Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project, 2001. Lemmatised by Mikko Luukko, 2009-11, as part of the AHRC-funded research project \'93Mechanisms of Communication in an Ancient Empire: The Correspondence between the King of Assyria and his Magnates in the 8th Century BC\'94 (AH/F016581/1; University College London). The annotated edition is released under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike license 3.0.\
\
SAA 16\
Copyright Mikko Luukko and Greta Van Buylaere and the Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project, 2002. Lemmatised by Mikko Luukko, 2012, as part of the AHRC-funded research project \'93Mechanisms of Communication in an Ancient Empire: The Correspondence between the King of Assyria and his Magnates in the 8th Century BC\'94 (AH/F016581/1; University College London). The annotated edition is released under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike license 3.0.\
\
SAA 17\
Copyright Manfried Dietrich and the Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project, 2003. Lemmatised by Mikko Luukko, 2009-11, as part of the AHRC-funded research project \'93Mechanisms of Communication in an Ancient Empire: The Correspondence between the King of Assyria and his Magnates in the 8th Century BC\'94 (AH/F016581/1; University College London). The annotated edition is released under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike license 3.0.\
\
SAA 18\
Copyright Frances Reynolds and the Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project, 2003. Lemmatised by Mikko Luukko, 2015-16, as part of the research programme of the Alexander von Humboldt Chair in the Ancient History of the Near and Middle East at LMU Munich (Karen Radner, Humboldt Professorship 2015). The annotated edition is released under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike license 3.0.\
\
SAA 19\
Copyright Mikko Luukko and the Neo-Assyrian Text Corpus Project, 2012. Lemmatised by Mikko Luukko, 2012, as part of the AHRC-funded research project \'93Mechanisms of Communication in an Ancient Empire: The Correspondence between the King of Assyria and his Magnates in the 8th Century BC\'94 (AH/F016581/1; University College London). The annotated edition is released under the Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike license 3.0.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Open Source Software
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ZIPFoundation\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
MIT License\
Copyright (c) 2017 Thomas Zoechling\
\
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\
\
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\
\
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\
\
SQLite.swift\
MIT License\
Copyright (c) 2014-2015 Stephen Celis (<stephen@stephencelis.com>)\
\
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\
\
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\
\
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.}